funny parachutes what else could you ask
for
Jimmy adds up blah Blee if there's gonna
be an advantage I would give it to her
she's been faster every round but I
don't hear any fat lady singing so we'll
see
but we do know
and NASCAR Nextel Cup Series September
the second to be the second time finish
under the light and that's just the
beginning
the opportunity
right
very performant
dad Scott I have a son second to leave
the starting line but first to the
finish line
Iverson is the winner Scott's time 11 33
at 123 miles an hour
Stephen to Magus is 2/10 of a second
quicker on the reaction must well 67mm
it is our number
big 51 right Anthony Duvall a 10 11 is
what he meant
so 302 the second is the difference in
multiplying times this is our second and
third quickest cars out here and this is
the final or street we got KP on the
left and he is on the right in the
autumn
TV launches Anthony launches and
something went away they're trying to
find a gear but Anthony coming on strong
and quiz on 1064 for the Web TV stuff
that happened with that car 11 Pierre
Collins series the runner-up 1681 on the
1660 dial Alex turn on the right the
runner-up Jim yellow the department
field outside is your winner row
straight up now Mike Michael soon you'll
be on the outside the turncoat Ireland
from Hawthorne California city of good
neighbors
mailani roughly triple a side plate on
the right the 1990 marble
a second difference in the qualifying
okay the lane spark
lantern blows right now Mike Michael
Sunday Lonnie while they are heading
eastbound down to 1320 of this final
round section de l'année is the winner
de l'année flatly de t is 1044 the
modern hours 131 Mike Michaelson the
rest of winner under car